That's why Markham knew
we were gonna be at
that impound lot.
Yo, you the master mechanic.
Why don't you just yank
that shit out?
I'll try,
but this ain't LoJack.
The DIS box, the
engine management system,
hell, the main harness,
the GPS is spidered
into all of that.
Hey, tell me something, man.
Do I even want to know
where the Skyline is,
dawg?
Or where you've been
the past couple of days
or where the hell
you got these rides from?
They're hot.
Yeah, they hot.
They wired
so hot that whoever's
tracking these things
would know every time
you don't wear your
seat belt.
All right, Jimmy.
Just do what you can do, bro.
I got you.
Thanks, man.
Man, we need to get
these on the street
ASAP.
Hey, bro, check it out.
See that Cadillac
across the street
over there?
Yeah.
Yeah, well, they've
been on us ever since
we left Verone's house.